docs: Metadata changes (#1296)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/30-how-to-guides/20-managing-credentials.md

---

> description: Find out how to manage credentials with Kargo

Reviewer: This description is a little bit misleading. Kargo does not (yet) have any capability for managing credentials.

The content of this document is really about managing credentials (using kubectl) for use _by_ Kargo.

My suggestion:

```suggestion
description: Find out how to manage repository credentials for use by Kargo
```

> sidebar_label: Managing credetials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Managing credentials
```
